Update known-issues.md (#7687)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/rooms/known-issues.md

***

If you desire a front of room display to automatically switch to an active video source (such as an MTR console) when the source wakes from standby mode, certain conditions must be met. This feature is optional but supported by Microsoft Teams Rooms software, provided underlying hardware supports the feature. A consumer TV used as a front of room display needs to support the Consumer Electronics Control (CEC) feature of HDMI.  Depending on the dock or console selected (which might not support CEC, refer to manufacturer support documentation), a controller such as an [HD-RX-201-C-E](https://www.crestron.com/Products/Video/HDMI-Solutions/HDMI-Extenders/HD-RX-201-C-E) from Crestron or [Extron HD CTL 100](https://www.extron.com/article/hdctl100ad) from Extron may be needed to enable the desired behavior.

> In addition, a consumer TV used as the front of room display may cause stability issues with Microsoft Teams Rooms software. This is due to inconsistent implementation of standby modes, active video source selection and communicating faulty EDID information to the Microsoft Teams Rooms device. Known symptoms are black/gray screen on the front of room display or the Microsoft Teams Rooms console becoming unresponsive after waking from standby.  If experiencing issues when using consumer TVs, it is recommended to install a configurable EDID controller or EDID emulator such as the [HD-RX-201-C-E](https://www.crestron.com/Products/Video/HDMI-Solutions/HDMI-Extenders/HD-RX-201-C-E) from Crestron or [DR-EDID Emulator](https://fsrinc.com/fsr-products/product/dr-edid-manager-learner/category_pathway-143) from FSR Video Products Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, a consumer TV used as the front of room display may cause stability issues with Microsoft Teams Rooms software. This is due to inconsistent implementation of standby modes, active video source selection, and communicating faulty EDID information to the Microsoft Teams Rooms device. Known symptoms are a black/gray screen on the front of room display or the Microsoft Teams Rooms console becoming unresponsive after waking from standby.  If experiencing issues when using consumer TVs, we recommend installing a configurable EDID controller or EDID emulator such as the [HD-RX-201-C-E](https://www.crestron.com/Products/Video/HDMI-Solutions/HDMI-Extenders/HD-RX-201-C-E) from Crestron or [DR-EDID Emulator](https://fsrinc.com/fsr-products/product/dr-edid-manager-learner/category_pathway-143) from FSR Video Products Group.
```
